Clarify convention for plugin class naming. (#7655)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/4-4-migration-guide.rst

Plugins
-------

- Plugin class names should now match the plugin name with a "Plugin" suffix. For
  example, the plugin class for ``ADmad/I18n`` plugin would be ``ADmad\I18n\I18nPlugin``
  instead of ``ADmad\I18n\Plugin``, as was the case for CakePHP 4.3 and below.

>   The old style name for existing majors should be kept to avoid BC breaks. 

Reviewer: I think this could be clarified even further.

>   So the new convention is for new plugins or when doing a new major release.

Reviewer: Style-wise, I think, a sentense shouldn't start with "So". Especially not in written English. But I'm not a native speaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The new plugin classs naming convention should be folowed when developing a new plugin or
  when doing a new major release for an existing plugin.
```

Author: typo `classs` and `folowed`.
Otherwise fine by me.
